Mysteries
Peppa and herfamily are watching their
favorite television program, Detective Potato.
I am Detective Potato,
the world famous detective.
Oh!
Please help me, Mr. Detective.
I can not find my floweranywhere.
Humm, yourflower is on the top of your head.
Oh, thank you, Mr. Detective.
That was easy. I can do that.
Haha, I. M sure you could, peppa.
Daddy, when I grow up,
I want to be a famous detective.
George wants to be a detective, too.
If you're going to be detectives,
you each need a hat.
Detectives always wear hats.
Now you look like two properdetectives.
And we need one of those funny things
that makes everything look big?
A magnifying glass.
I think we've got one
in the kitchen drawer.
Here they are.
A real magnifying glass.
Wow! How does it work?
You hold it in front of things,
and they look bigger.
The magnifying glass
makes the little fish look big.
Can I have a go?
Wow!
The magnifying glass makes
George's eyes look very big.
Now what you detectives need
is a mystery to solve.
Daddy, what is a "miss story'?
A mystery is something detectives
are good at sorting out,
like finding things that are lost.
I know,
we can find George's toy dinosaur.
That's always getting lost.
Dinosaur.
Mr. Dinosaur is not lost.
What about your glasses, daddy?
You. Re always losing them.
Not today,
I'm wearing my glasses.
It's not fair.
There aren't any "miss stories".
Would you like me to make you a mystery?
Yes, please.
Daddy Pig is going to make a mystery.
Now, what's on the table?
The little fish, teddy,
a Jackin the box and Mr. Dinosaur.
That. S right.
Now look very hard and try to remember them all.
The little fish, teddy,
a Jackin the box and Mr. Dinosaur.
Have you remembered them?
Yes!
Ok!
You just have to go outside for a moment.
I'll call you when I'm ready.
It sounds like daddy is going upstairs.
And now he is coming down again.
All right, you can come back inside now.
One thing is missing from the table.
Do you know what?
Mr. Dinosaur is there,
little fish, Jack in the box.
So who's missing?
Humm, Teddy.
That. S right.
Teddy's gone.
Well done, Peppa and George.
It was quite easy for us.
We're famous detectives.
Ah, but that. S only half the mystery.
Where has teddy gone?
Oh, I don't know.
What are those little things on the floor?
The cake crumbs.
The magnifying glass makes the cake
crumbs easy to see.
I wonder if teddy has been eating cake.
And the crumbs lead this way.
Teddy's been eating a lot of cake.
The crumbs lead into
Peppa and George's bedroom.
Oh, the crumbs have stopped.
How could we find teddy?
Ask me some questions.
But I would only answeryes or no.
Ok, humm, is teddy in this room?
Yes.
Is teddy in George's bed?
No.
Is teddy some where high up?
Yes.
Teddy's in my bed.
Hooray!
The mystery is solved.
Do you still want to be a detective
when you grow up, Peppa?
Being a detective is quite hard.
Next time, I want to be the one
who makes mysteries.
Like you. Dear daddy.